<s docid=AP900421-0075 num=12 wdcount=35> Two weeks after a failed launch 
attempt, an improved Discovery is ready to embark on one of the most momentous 
shuttle missions, hoisting the Hubble Space Telescope high enough to behold the 
threshold of time.</s

<s docid=AP900424-0048 num=37 wdcount=21> The telescope is named for the late 
astronomer Edwin P. Hubble, who discovered during the 1920s that the universe is 
expanding.</s>

<s docid=AP900424-0048 num=38 wdcount=18> His work gave rise to the Big Bang 
theory that the universe was created by a tremendous explosion.</s>

<s docid=AP900424-0048 num=22 wdcount=20> Hubble has been waiting to take its 
place in space since 1983, delayed by technical problems and the Challenger 
accident.</s>

<s docid=AP900424-0048 num=30 wdcount=26> In addition to the $1.5 billion cost 
of Hubble, $500 million has been spent on spare parts, astronaut training and 
computer software to operate the instrument.</s>

<s docid=AP900424-0048 num=31 wdcount=14> The European Space Agency contributed 
$250 million for 15 percent of the viewing time.</s>

<s docid=AP900425-0146 num=44 wdcount=20> The 24,250-pound telescope is 43 feet 
long and 14 feet in diameter, about the size of a railroad tank car.</s>

<s docid=AP900424-0096 num=25 wdcount=36> On hand to watch the Discovery 
launching was a contingent of scientists who have hailed the Hubble as the 
greatest advance in astronomy since Galileo raised a small telescope to his eyes 
nearly 400 years ago.</s>

<s docid=AP900426-0135 num=27 wdcount=31> The telescope, embarking on a 15-year 
search for new worlds, was released from the shuttle's cargo bay Wednesday after 
a last-minute snag that almost sent two astronauts on an emergency 
spacewalk.</s>

<s docid=AP900425-0146 num=14 wdcount=29> The $1.5 billion telescope began 
orbiting Earth every 97.3 minutes at an altitude of 380 miles _ high above the 
atmosphere, which has limited the view of ground-based telecopes.</s>

<s docid=AP900425-0198 num=30 wdcount=20> ``At one day, seven minutes into the 
flight of Discovery, Hubble is now on its own internal power,'' Carr said.</s

<s docid=AP900426-0135 num=39 wdcount=27> Discovery and its five astronauts will 
follow the telescope while controllers at the Goddard center make sure Hubble is 
operating properly, such as responding to directional commands.</s>

<s docid=AP900426-0185 num=24 wdcount=20> The problem began Thursday morning 
when engineers tried pointing the two high-speed antennas toward two widely-
separated TDRS satellites without success.</s>

<s docid=AP900426-0185 num=25 wdcount=17> Two low-speed antennas were working 
fine, but Boggess said they would be ``excruciatingly slow'' for sending 
data.</s>

<s docid=AP900427-0083 num=17 wdcount=19> The successful opening of the lens 
cover paved the way for the astronauts to return to Earth on Sunday.</s>

<s docid=AP900427-0146 num=36 wdcount=19> When the door opened, two of Hubble's 
four position-stabilizing gyroscopes stopped working; later, engineers got them 
back on line.</s>

<s docid=AP900427-0146 num=45 wdcount=13> In addition to that trouble, there 
were two communications outages totaling several hours.</s>

<s docid=AP900426-0185 num=20 wdcount=15> Controllers' lack of experience with 
the new satellite was part of the problem, Boggess said.</s>
