<s docid=AP881110-0178 num=9 wdcount=28> Benazir Bhutto, leader of the People's 
Democratic Party, on Thursday promised to end the ``reactionary'' legacy of the 
late President Zia ul-Haq if she is elected Nov. 16.</s> <s docid=AP881110-0178 
num=14 wdcount=40> The 35-year-old daughter of the late prime minister Zulfikar 
Ali Bhutto, who was ousted by Zia in a 1977 coup and ordered hanged, said the 
late president's term in office ``was like a dark shadow that has started to 
lift''.</s> <s docid=AP881110-0178 num=13 wdcount=26> Zia died in an Aug. 17 
plane crash that killed 29 other people, including five top army generals and 
the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan, Arnold Raphel.</s> <s docid=AP881110-0178 
num=15 wdcount=25> The national assembly elections, whose winner will become the 
new prime minister, will be followed on Nov. 19 by voting for the provincial 
legislative assemblies.</s> <s docid=AP881110-0178 num=17 wdcount=26> Her 
Pakistan People's Party is pitted against the nine-party Islamic Democratic 
Alliance, which includes the Pakistan Muslim League headed by former prime 
minister Mohammad Khan Junejo.</s> <s docid=AP890817-0077 num=26 wdcount=11> Ms. 
Bhutto's party won a simple majority in the national legislature.</s> <s 
docid=AP890817-0077 num=27 wdcount=11> Conservatives and Zia's proteges captured 
the biggest of Pakistan's four provinces.</s> <s docid=AP900807-0026 num=13 
wdcount=26> Dec. 2, 1988 _ Ms. Bhutto takes the oath of office as prime minister 
of Pakistan, becoming the first woman to lead a modern Moslem nation.</s> <s 
docid=AP900807-0026 num=18 wdcount=35> May 5, 1989 _ Political honeymoon ends 
for the prime minister as squabbling in all four of Pakistan's provinces 
interferes with implementation of Ms. Bhutto's multimillion-dollar ``people's 
program'' to improve health, education and public works.</s> <s docid=AP900807-
0026 num=21 wdcount=21> Corruption charges start to be leveled regularly against 
Cabinet ministers and Bhutto family members, including her husband, businessman 
Asif Ali Zardari.</s> <s docid=FBIS3-53091 num=22 wdcount=20> What is 
undermining the PPP administration's image in public eye is the family feud 
which shows no sign of abating.</s> <s docid= num=20 wdcount=25> After the 
election, Benazir Bhutto had her mother removed as co-chair of the ruling 
Pakistan People's party, leaving the prime minister herself in sole charge.</s>
 <s docid= num=16 wdcount=28> Mrs Nusrat Bhutto, angry at being ousted from her 
position in the ruling party, is supporting her son, who is in jail on terrorism 
charges, against her daughter.</s> <s docid=AP900807-0026 num=23 wdcount=21> May 
29, 1990 _ Ethnic violence in Pakistan's southern Sindh Province prompts 
military control in the cities of Karachi and Hyderabad.</s> <s docid=AP900807-
0026 num=26 wdcount=27> Aug. 5, 1990 _ The president dissolves Pakistan's 
National Assembly and removes Ms. Bhutto as prime minister, accusing her 
administration of corruption, nepotism and political ineptitude .</s> <s 
docid=LA080990-0101 num=14 wdcount=28> But government officials said Bhutto, her 
mother, her husband and about 30 close aides and officials would be barred from 
leaving the country pending possible criminal charges .</s>
