
400 WORD EXTRACT

<s docid=AP881110-0178 num=9 wdcount=28> Benazir Bhutto, leader of the
People's Democratic Party, on Thursday promised to end the ``reactionary''
legacy of the late President Zia ul-Haq if she is elected Nov. 16.</s>

<s docid=AP881110-0178 num=14 wdcount=40> The 35-year-old daughter of the
late prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who was ousted by Zia in a 1977
coup and ordered hanged, said the late president's term in office ``was like
a dark shadow that has started to lift''.</s>

<s docid=AP890817-0077 num=26 wdcount=11> Ms. Bhutto's party won a simple
majority in the national legislature.</s

<s docid=AP900807-0026 num=8 wdcount=58> Here is a brief look at the career
of Benazir Bhutto from her return to Pakistan four years ago to her removal
as prime minister on Monday: April 10, 1986 _ Benazir Bhutto returns to
Pakistan after several years in exile to resurrect the Pakistan People's
Party founded by her father, who was executed by the military
government.</s>

<s docid=AP900807-0026 num=21 wdcount=21> Corruption charges start to be
leveled regularly against Cabinet ministers and Bhutto family members,
including her husband, businessman Asif Ali Zardari.</s>

<s docid=FBIS3-40602 num=17 wdcount=34> [Text] Prime Minister Benazir
Bhutto, while addressing editors of national newspapers in Islamabad, said
that the question of rolling back Pakistan's peaceful nuclear program does
not arise, because the nation's defense depends on it.</s>

<s docid=FBIS3-53091 num=49 wdcount=52> Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto would
be less than wise if she failed to realise that there is need to lift
politics out of the abyss into which it has fallen as a result of what
should have been no more than a passing family misunderstanding sorted out
pleasantly -- and in private.</s>

<s docid=FBIS4-35456 num=21 wdcount=35> Talking to newsmen at the Parliament
House in Islamabad this afternoon, Ms. Benazir Bhutto said she had advised
the opposition two days earlier to end their boycott and fulfill their
constitutional responsibilities as elected representatives.</s>

<s docid= num=16 wdcount=28> Mrs Nusrat Bhutto, angry at being ousted from
her position in the ruling party, is supporting her son, who is in jail on
terrorism charges, against her daughter.</s>

<s docid=LA041689-0141 num=33 wdcount=33> "People are talking about
Benazir's husband, Asif Zardari, about land speculation, about government
contracts, about the appointment of senior party people to key posts, and
about the going price of a government job.</s>

<s docid=LA080990-0101 num=10 wdcount=33> "The military is running the
show," Bhutto told reporters here two days after President Ghulam Ishaq Khan
abruptly dismissed her 20-month-old government, dissolved the National
Assembly and declared a state of emergency .</s>
</P>

<s docid=LA101190-0083 num=9 wdcount=29> Police Wednesday arrested the
husband of ousted Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, who denounced the move as a
"pure witch hunt" to intimidate her during the current election campaign
.</s>
</P>

200 WORD EXTRACT

<s docid=AP881110-0178 num=9 wdcount=28> Benazir Bhutto, leader of the
People's Democratic Party, on Thursday promised to end the ``reactionary''
legacy of the late President Zia ul-Haq if she is elected Nov. 16.</s>

<s docid=AP881110-0178 num=14 wdcount=40> The 35-year-old daughter of the
late prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who was ousted by Zia in a 1977
coup and ordered hanged, said the late president's term in office ``was like
a dark shadow that has started to lift''.</s>

<s docid=AP900807-0026 num=21 wdcount=21> Corruption charges start to be
leveled regularly against Cabinet ministers and Bhutto family members,
including her husband, businessman Asif Ali Zardari.</s>

<s docid=FBIS3-40602 num=17 wdcount=34> [Text] Prime Minister Benazir
Bhutto, while addressing editors of national newspapers in Islamabad, said
that the question of rolling back Pakistan's peaceful nuclear program does
not arise, because the nation's defense depends on it.</s>

<s docid= num=16 wdcount=28> Mrs Nusrat Bhutto, angry at being ousted from
her position in the ruling party, is supporting her son, who is in jail on
terrorism charges, against her daughter.</s>

<s docid=LA080990-0101 num=10 wdcount=33> "The military is running the
show," Bhutto told reporters here two days after President Ghulam Ishaq Khan
abruptly dismissed her 20-month-old government, dissolved the National
Assembly and declared a state of emergency .</s>
</P>

<s docid=LA101190-0083 num=9 wdcount=29> Police Wednesday arrested the
husband of ousted Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, who denounced the move as a
"pure witch hunt" to intimidate her during the current election campaign
.</s>
</P>

