<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="AP881110-0178"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Benazir Bhutto, leader of the Pakistan People's Democratic Party, is
campaigning on a promise to end the "reactionary" legacy of President Zia
ul-Haq.  Zia had died in an August plane crash that also killed five
generals and the US ambassador.  Ms Bhutto's party is expected to win the
election.  Her opposition is the nine-party Islamic Democratic Alliance.
She accuses it and Zia supporters of having a poor human rights record. Ms.
Bhutto's father, the late Prime Minister had been overthrown by Zia in 1977
and ordered hanged.  Supporters of both parties had clashed near a mosque in
Rawalpindi.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="LA041689-0141"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Opposition members in the newly constituted National Assembly are charging
the government of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto with corruption and
patronage.

Benazir has appointed her father-in-law, Hakim Ali Zardari chairman of a
watch dog committee over government spending and her mother, Nusrat Bhutto
to a cabinet post equivalent to deputy Prime Minister.  Benazir's husband,
Asif Zardari, has his name mentioned when opponents talk of corruption and
land speculation.  Jane Lindley, a consultant to Pakistan's National
Assembly says democracy is in its infancy in Pakistan.  Benazir's supporters
say that open complaints on the legislative floor prove that democracy is
alive and well.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="LA080990-0101"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Benazir Bhutto charged that army generals were behind her ouster as Prime
Minister and would soon "take over" and end Pakistan's experiment with
democracy.  President Ghulam Ishaq Khan had dismissed her 20-month old
government and declared a state of national emergency.  Military and
government officials insist that general elections will be held in October.
Bhutto, her mother, husband, and close aides could be barred from leaving
the country pending possible criminal charges.  Critics say that Bhutto is
personally honest but had overlooked corruption and nepotism.  Bhutto had
tried to accommodate the army, giving them a broad say in foreign policy,
especially regarding Afghanistan.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="AP890817-0077"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Thousands loyal to President Zia held an anti-government rally on the first
anniversary of his death. Some call Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto a traitor
and agent of the Russians and Indians.  One person said that a military
dictatorship was replaced with a civilian dictatorship.  Zia, the US
Ambassador, and 28 others were killed in a plane crash believed caused by
sabotage.  Soviet-trained agents in Afghanistan's communist government were
believed responsible for terrorist attacks in recent years.  Zia supported
Afghan guerrillas attempting to overthrow the communists.  After Zia's
death, Pakistan held its first free elections in more than a decade and Ms
Bhutto won a simple majority in the National Assembly.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="AP900807-0026"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Benazir Bhutto's career had few quiet moments during the four years after her
return from exile to Pakistan in 1986 to her removal as Prime Minister in
1990. Benazir had resurrected the Pakistan People's Party founded by her
father and became Prime Minister after free elections were held following
the death of General Zia, in a mysterious plane crash.  She had some foreign
policy success but was under criticism from Islamic clergy for her secular
policies.  War fears were sparked between India and Pakistan in 1990 over
Kashmir. Benezir was removed later that year when her administration was
accused of corruption, nepotism, and ineptitude.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="LA101190-0083"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto called the arrest of her husband, Asif Ali
Zardari, a move to intimidate her during the election campaign.  Zardari is
alleged to have been involved in illegal bank loans and kidnapping of a
Pakistani-born British citizen and extorting $800,000 from him.  Bhutto said
the arrest was a "witch hunt".  She was dismissed as Prime Minister in
August, 1990, for her administration's alleged corruption, nepotism, and
abuse of power.  Both Bhutto and Zardari, who have two children, are running
for election but she faces charges of wrongdoing and could be barred if
convicted.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="FBIS3-53091"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

An editorial in THE PAKISTAN OBSERVER cites a number of embarrassing items
of omission and commission and concludes that there is widespread skepticism
about how confident a grip the Benazir Bhutto government has on important
issues.  The Pakistan People's Party is not a Bhutto family property and
continuing family feuding undermines its image.  Much of the damage to the
PPP is caused by its own workers who question the integrity and patriotism
of Nusrat Bhutto.  Benazir must recognize the need to lift politics above a
family misunderstanding that should have been settled in private.  Highest
priority must be given to a settlement with the Muhajir Qaumi Movement.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="FBIS3-40602"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

An editorial in Islamabad HUMRAT noted Prime Minister Bhutto saying that
Pakistan's defense depends on its peaceful nuclear program but she admitted
that it was frozen at the 1990 level.  Continuation of the nuclear program
will be popular.  She also asked the US to review its use of the Pressler
Amendment against Pakistan. The editorial notes that the US supports
nuclear programs in other countries but has opposed Pakistan on nuclear
technology issues.  The US had implied that aid would be reinstated when
Bhutto stated in 1990 that the program was frozen.  She must now make some
agreement with the US on the nuclear program.</SUM>

<SUM
DOCSET="d088"
TYPE="PERDOC"
SIZE="100"
DOCREF="FBIS4-35456"
SELECTOR="D"
SUMMARIZER="F">

Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto welcomed the opposition's decision to end its
boycott of the National Assembly as the budget session began.  She said she
would discuss economic issues with the opposition and other political
leaders over a cup of tea.  She said the situation in rural and urban areas
of the Sindh Province was serious and that external forces have trained
youths in the interior for terrorist activity.  She said her government is
the peoples' government and has launched a moral crusade.  They would take
measures to resolve water, electricity, transport, and hospital problems
faced by the people of Karachi.</SUM>
