
400 WORD EXTRACT 


<s docid=AP901122-0100 num=13 wdcount=18> Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's 
international admirers praised her courage and achievements Thursday after she 
announced she would resign.</s> <s docid=AP901122-0100 num=15 wdcount=7> Said 
President Bush, ``I will miss her''.</s> <s docid=AP901122-0100 num=16 
wdcount=21> He called her ``an outstanding ally of the United States,'' adding, 
``You always knew where she was and what she believed''.</s>  <s docid=AP901123-
0002 num=11 wdcount=29> For almost a decade, Margaret Thatcher was regarded at 
the White House as America's best friend, the trusted ally whose strong views 
reinforced the conservative tone of administration policies.</s <s 
docid=AP901122-0100 num=14 wdcount=11> Even her foes tempered scorn with praise 
for a formidable adversary.</s> <s docid=AP901122-0100 num=20 wdcount=15> The 
reluctance Mrs. Thatcher showed toward increasing European unity was the source 
of most criticism.</s> <s docid=AP901122-0100 num=21 wdcount=18> But in a joyful 
and unambiguous response, Iraq saw the Persian Gulf crisis as cause of her 
downfall.</s> <s docid=AP901122-0100 num=22 wdcount=21> Bitterness was 
undisguised in the comment from Argentina's Nicanor Costa Mendez, foreign 
minister during his country's 1982 Falklands War with Britain.</s>

<s docid=LA112190-0001 num=15 wdcount=11> Thatcher has served as PM longer than 
anyone in this century.</s> <s docid=LA112190-0001 num=16 wdcount=49> She led 
her party to victory in three elections, steered it through the war with 
Argentina to reclaim the Falklands, faced down the miners union in a long 
strike, moved -- often drastically -- to reverse Britain's economic decline and 
won a prominent place on the world stage.</s> <s docid=LA112190-0001 num=19 
wdcount=19> Thatcher is seen as having become increasingly autocratic at home 
and a somewhat tiresome scold within the European Community.</s> <s 
docid=LA112190-0001 num=20 wdcount=30> Her government is deeply identified with 
high interest rates, inflation and a flat tax on every adult (in place of the 
property tax) that is generally regarded as hugely unfair.</s> <s 
docid=AP901126-0053 num=24 wdcount=24> Trree men are vying to succeed her as 
Conservative Party leader and thus prime minister in a vote by party lawmakers 
set for Tuesday.</s> <s docid=AP901126-0053 num=10 wdcount=26> Margaret Thatcher 
set the example of what a woman could achieve in British society, but her 
critics say she did little else to help women along.</s> <s docid=AP901126-0053 
num=32 wdcount=36> Though Mrs. Thatcher never made a priority of women's issues, 
she did introduce some helpful legislation: tax concessions for workplace 
nurseries; independent taxation for married women; and legislation to compel 
absent fathers to pay child benefits.</s> <s docid=LA120890-0055 num=9 
wdcount=28> Queen Elizabeth II awarded former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 
the coveted Order of Merit on Friday and made her husband a baronet, which is a 
hereditary knighthood .</s> /P> <P> <s docid=LA120890-0055 num=10 wdcount=32> 
From now on Denis Thatcher will be formally addressed as Sir Denis and his wife 
as Lady Thatcher, although she insisted Friday she wished to be known simply as 
"Mrs. Thatcher" .</s>
</P>


